you actually because I was watching this
show very carefully that's my first ever
a piece of entire show ever and last
night it was totally different from the
night before and there's no sadness
what when you but when you're playing
and they're a little bit there if there
are an emotional highs and there's loud
yeah there's you just looks like you're
having an absolute ball fact more fun
than half the audience that's right
because I was looking around at the
audience that's thinking you should get
into this like is we were having a him
and I was sitting next to each other
this diggin up but um do you have a
sense of when to bring the audience in
when it's just all you guys up and down
yeah I've learned that for my life the
same as every other time you know you
learn how to get the sound you want that
inspires you to play together right you
learn how to get the lights in a way
that make it that make you feel like
you're really doing something special
right lighting a certain way or whatever
you feel comfortable about how you look
whether you like the night before I wore
a black suit and and I look different
yeah and last time I just felt like
wearing jeans on it kind of funky
so I did you know and I mean and I
thought I'm and and I started the show
that's not with last night I started
with the Jolly swagman well you got you
something
see I write that tune because I've been
thinking about there was a logo that we
had when I was with the bushwhackers and
it was a it was a swagman Pekinese heels
up playing at a concertina yeah and he
just looked like he was really flying
you having a good time and I thought the
jelly's way once a jolly swagman I gotta
write him a song you know and so that's
where that came from and what I tried to
create was like a fiddle fiddle country
so he's he's got Evan
it plays the Wilson reseller like today
because I tell you what I was time to
sleep out you know and then I played I
go to read over the offices Peter
Allen's you yes and sometimes I fight
it's not playing as trainers under quote
a little American thing comedians
what's that little American yes what
would well it is a peacock because
Hammond and do you ever play any
contemporary Australian songs that you
reach a good like I'm gonna throw some
stuff out like I don't midnight oil or
any excess or anything no no thank you
I I probably could works on that but I'm
more interested in writing my own songs
to be honest I'm more interested in
writing man sorry that's my passion in
life